Kian Dadkhah Shokrollahi
SID: 119369205
JAC444 Workshop 6
Reflection

Overall I enjoyed this workshop. I found it to be the most difficult I've done yet, but that was mostly due to being unfamiliar with creating a GUI in JAVA. I really liked that the rubric was vague with regards to the overall design and implementation of the workshop. This greatly added to the difficulty, however I appreciated the freedom in really making this assignment my own.
Even though I'm submitting late and I perhapse ended up with a solution that is far more complicated and over-engineered than it needs to be, and even though some parts of my application (namely formatting) needs work, I see the completion of this workshop as a huge step forward for me as I was able to independently research and implement the exact solution I wanted. I wanted to make this workshop look more professional and easier for you the profressor to test out the functions of both task 1 and task 2 easily and in the same place. Not only did I gain practice on the usual concepts (JAVA techniques, creating classes, methods, arrays, inheritance, IO, etc.), I also worked with and became familiar with javafx, swing, and awt frameworks. Using these concepts, I implemented a (rather unnecessarily complex) solution consisting of a main "welcome" window, which is a class extending the Application class, which defines it's window explicitly using the Scene object and passing an fxml template file. This window provides two buttons which call their own respective functions. Clicking either button will spawn their own new window using the JFrame class (extended in the controller classes of task 1 and 2), which can also be closed without affecting the state of the application. If I were to redo this workshop I would definitely refactor it to reuse less of the same code. I would also definitely spend more time to format it properly and make it look presentable and pleasing to work with, and I would try to make the design and implementation more simple and streamlined.